Add experimental-features.md (#3608)
pingcap/docs: auto-random.md

> **Note:**
>

> > `AUTO_RANDOM` was marked as stable in v4.0.3. Now you can use it in the production environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `AUTO_RANDOM` was marked as stable in v4.0.3. For TiDB v4.0.3 or above, you can use it in the production environment.
```
